Although we might not realize it, we
reap the benefits of automation all the
time in our daily lives.
Do you ever pay your bills with
scheduled payments or use a self check
out at the grocery store?
I always set my coffee machine to start
brewing before I've even gotten out of
bed. The promise of fresh coffee makes
early mornings way easier.
Automation is the process of replacing
a manual step with one that happens
automatically. Take a traffic light for
example, which continuously regulates
the flow of vehicles at an
intersection.
A traffic light requires human
intervention only when it needs repairs
or maintenance. The automatic
regulation of traffic means that humans
don't have to stand at the intersection
manually signaling when cars should stop
or go. Instead, people can concentrate
on more complex, creative, or difficult
tasks like focusing on where you're
driving.
What's more, traffic lights don't get
tired, bored, or accidentally display a
green light when they mean red.
This highlights another benefit of
automation consistency.
Let's face it, us humans are flawed and
sometimes we make mistakes, a human
performing the same tasks hundreds of
times will never be as consistent as a
machine doing the same thing.
But for all of its advantages
automation isn't a solution for every
situation, some tasks just aren't
suited for automation.
For example, they may require a degree
of creativity or flexibility that
automatic systems can't provide or for
more complicated or less frequently
executed tasks creating the automation
may actually be more effort or cost than
it's worth. Think about when you get a
haircut.
What would it take to automate the
actions of cutting hair with a machine?
The client's height, the shape of their
head, their current hair length, and
desired hairstyle would all need to be
taken into account when designing the
automatic system. We need to replicate
the creativity and skills of a trained
specialist along with extensive testing
to ensure the clients safety and quality
haircut. And if you've ever had a bad
experience at a hair salon, you know
quality can be subjective.
In this case, the cost and effort of
automation just isn't worth the benefits
of an automatic haircut would provide
which is why we don't have robot
hairstylists. Not too complex, right?
Automation is a powerful tool when used
in the right place at the right moment.
It can save time, reduce errors,
increase consistency, and provide a way
to centralize solutions and mistakes,
making them easier to fix.
Throughout this course, and in upcoming
ones we'll be talking about when it
makes sense to apply automation and
exactly how you do it.
Eventually knowing when and where to
use automation will become automatic for
you.